h2. Description

Want "Capistrano":http://capify.org/ to talk to "God":http://god.rubyforge.org/? Find "San Juan":http://maps.google.com/maps?client=safari&ie=UTF8&oe=UTF-8&q=San+Juan+Capistrano,+CA,+USA&ll=33.495598,-117.665291&spn=0.020113,0.037851&t=h&z=15

h2. Requirements

* "God":http://god.rubyforge.org/
* "Capistrano":http://capify.org/

h2. Install

<pre>
<code>
git clone git://github.com/jnewland/san_juan.git
cd san_juan
gem build san_juan.gemspec
sudo gem install -l san_juan-*.gem
</code>
</pre>

h2. Usage

In your Capistrano deploy recipie:

<pre>
<code>
require 'san_juan'

role :foo, 'foo.example.com'
role :bar, 'bar.example.com'

san_juan.role :foo, %w(mongrels memcached)
san_juan.role :bar, %w(nginx)
</code>
</pre>

Now, check out @cap -T@:

<pre>
<code>
  ...
  cap god:all:quit                # Quit god, but not the processes it's monito...
  cap god:all:reload              # Reloading God Config
  cap god:all:start               # Start god
  cap god:all:start_interactive   # Start god interactively
  cap god:all:status              # Describe the status of the running tasks on...
  cap god:all:terminate           # Terminate god and all monitored processes
  cap god:bar:nginx:log           # Log nginx
  cap god:bar:nginx:remove        # Remove nginx
  cap god:bar:nginx:restart       # Restart nginx
  cap god:bar:nginx:start         # Start nginx
  cap god:bar:nginx:stop          # Stop nginx
  cap god:bar:nginx:unmonitor     # Unmonitor nginx
  cap god:bar:quit                # Quit god, but not the processes it's monito...
  cap god:bar:reload              # Reload the god config file
  cap god:bar:start               # Start god
  cap god:bar:start_interactive   # Start god interactively
  cap god:bar:terminate           # Terminate god and all monitored processes
  cap god:foo:memcached:log       # Log memcached
  cap god:foo:memcached:remove    # Remove memcached
  cap god:foo:memcached:restart   # Restart memcached
  cap god:foo:memcached:start     # Start memcached
  cap god:foo:memcached:stop      # Stop memcached
  cap god:foo:memcached:unmonitor # Unmonitor memcached
  cap god:foo:mongrels:log        # Log mongrels
  cap god:foo:mongrels:remove     # Remove mongrels
  cap god:foo:mongrels:restart    # Restart mongrels
  cap god:foo:mongrels:start      # Start mongrels
  cap god:foo:mongrels:stop       # Stop mongrels
  cap god:foo:mongrels:unmonitor  # Unmonitor mongrels
  cap god:foo:quit                # Quit god, but not the processes it's monito...
  cap god:foo:reload              # Reload the god config file
  cap god:foo:start               # Start god
  cap god:foo:start_interactive   # Start god interactively
  cap god:foo:terminate           # Terminate god and all monitored processes
  ...
</pre>

h2. Tweaks

A few of the tasks in the @god:all@ namespace require the path to your god
configuration file. This defaults to:

@"#{current_path}/config/god/#{role}.god"@

This can be changed by setting the @god_config_path@ capistrano variable:

<pre>
<code>
require 'san_juan'

role :foo, 'foo.example.com'
role :bar, 'bar.example.com'

set :god_config_path, "/path/to/config"

san_juan.role :foo, %w(mongrels memcached)
san_juan.role :bar, %w(nginx)
</code>
</pre>

h2. Author

"Jesse Newland":http://jnewland.com/

h2. License

"WTFPL":http://sam.zoy.org/wtfpl/